README.md, before:

# Discord Webhooks
![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/webhook-discord.svg "Version")
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/webhook-discord.svg "Total Downloads")
A simple Javascript file for nicely formatting Discord webhooks

# Usage
It's simple

To initialise:
```js
const Webhook = require("webhook-discord")

const Hook = new Webhook("WEBHOOK URL")
```

To send an info message:
```js
Hook.info("WEBHOOK NAME","Info")
```

To send a warning message:
```js
Hook.warn("WEBHOOK NAME", "Warning message")
```

To send an error message:
```js
Hook.err("WEBHOOK NAME","Error")
```

To send a success message:
```js
Hook.success("WEBHOOK NAME","Yay we did something right")
```

To send a message with a custom format:
```js
Hook.custom("WEBHOOK NAME","MESSAGE CONTENT","MESSAGE TITLE","MESSAGE COLOUR (optional)")
```

If specified, color *must* be a hexadecimal color.

# Installation
Either use npm:
```
npm install webhook-discord
```
Or clone from source:
```
git clone https://github.com/JoeBanks13/webhook-discord.git
```

# License

MIT

Commit message:

illustrate a message (#9)
* add imageUrl to custom()

* rollback

* add imageUrl

* add illustrated

* add illustrated()

* fix name

* fix optionnal

* maybe ?

* remove "n"

* rewrite custom()

* more explanations

* remove debug

* forgot a 's'

* slack

* ,

README.md, after:

# Discord Webhooks
![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/webhook-discord.svg "Version")
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/webhook-discord.svg "Total Downloads")
A simple Javascript file for nicely formatting Discord webhooks

# Usage
It's simple

To initialise:
```js
const Webhook = require("webhook-discord")

const Hook = new Webhook("WEBHOOK URL")
```

To send an info message:
```js
Hook.info("WEBHOOK NAME","Info")
```

To send a warning message:
```js
Hook.warn("WEBHOOK NAME", "Warning message")
```

To send an error message:
```js
Hook.err("WEBHOOK NAME","Error")
```

To send a success message:
```js
Hook.success("WEBHOOK NAME","Yay we did something right")
```

To send a message with a custom format:
```js
Hook.custom("WEBHOOK NAME","MESSAGE CONTENT","MESSAGE TITLE","MESSAGE COLOUR (optional)", "IMAGE URL (optional)")
```

If specified, color *must* be a hexadecimal color, and, if specified, image *must* be a filenames with proper image extensions.

To send a message with a custom format and an image:
```js
Hook.image("WEBHOOK NAME","MESSAGE CONTENT","MESSAGE TITLE", "IMAGE URL")
```

If specified, color *must* be a hexadecimal color.

# Installation
Either use npm:
```
npm install webhook-discord
```
Or clone from source:
```
git clone https://github.com/JoeBanks13/webhook-discord.git
```

# License

MIT
